 
Senior program and project management professional with 8 years of proven ability to manage multiple  complex projects across cross-functional teams in the consumer products and e-commerce industries. Led the implementation of new shipping label rates and launch of new shipping services, saving Amazon sellers $1.19M and increasing Amazon shipping label revenue by 100%+. Applying for Senior Program Manager to leverage program management experience to drive business growth.  
 
Internal Management: Project Management; Scrum /Agile Project Management; Six Sigma Processes ; Change Management  
External Management: Contract Negotiation & Management; Partnership Management ; Business Process Improvement  
Data Analysis: Forecasting; Financial Modeling; Prescriptive Decision Modeling  
Software/Languages:  Microsoft Excel & Access; JMP; SQL; Python; JIRA; Tableau; Asana  
 
FedEx Contract Negotiation  - Achieved  a 29.3% reduction in Amazon BuyShipping marketplace shipping label rates with FedEx 
saving Amazon sellers $1.19M annually.  
FedEx Smartpost Launch – Launched FedEx SmartPost service on Amazon’s platform by collaborating with multidisciplinary 
business and software development teams using SCRUM workflow.  
Box-Free Label -Free Service RFQ  - Led the proposal process for a returns program by performing market research, making business 
case, acquiring service and rate quotations, and providing recommendations to senior executives.  
 
Senior Program Manager  
Amazon.com  July 2022 - November 2023, Nashville, TN  
Managed FedEx, DHL, and OnTrac carrier programs totaling $454M in annual revenue carrier programs by ensuring Amazon 
offered the most competitive carrier services, the lowest shipping rates, and the highest on -time performance.  
Facilitated agreements between Amazon -FedEx to launch 2 new shipping arcs from Thailand and China to the United States.  
Developed and implemented  3 standard operating procedures (SOPs) with technical stakeholders to capture best practices to: 
optimize carrier transit time up dates and operating schedules, improve SLAs and reduce system configuration errors . 
Resolved root causes of 5+ shipping -related escalations  per week  initiated through  seller and customer community feedback  and 
satisfaction metrics trends , including billing problems, technical issues, and lost/damaged shipments.  
Created demand forecasts, finance forecasts, and return on investment analys es using Python, SQL, and Microsoft Excel . 
Sales Strategy MBA Intern  
Michelin  May 2021 - August 2021, Greenville, SC  
Led project to assess and improve North American field sales productivity by 10%.  
Presented productivity project recommendations to sales executive team for implementation.  
Senior Product Engineer  
Michelin  March 2017 - July 2020, Tuscaloosa, AL  
Supervised product management tasks for 5 engineers to introduce portfolio of 42 new product designs and meet product launch 
timing for BF Goodrich Mud -Terrain KM3 product line.  
Designed 20+ innovative prototype  product s and coordinated manufacturing trials to facilitate product testing and define design 
strategy for 2 next -generation product lines.  
Product Engineer  
Michelin  July 2015 - March 2017, Tuscaloosa, AL  
Developed new product designs, managed manufacturing trials, introduced 20+ new products to market, and managed on -going 
quality assurance for 80+ products . 
Devised  new tool to review production campaigns with supply chain team, enabling a 100% increase in weekly changeovers.  
 
Master of Business Administration (MBA), Full -Time Program  
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill - Kenan -Flagler Business School • Chapel Hill, NC • 2022  
Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering  
University of Alabama • Tuscaloosa, AL • 2015  
