About the job
Description

Amazon’s Ops Tech Solutions Supply Chain (OTS-SC) plans, sources, makes and delivers IT equipment necessary to empower Amazon’s Worldwide Stores Business. OTS-SC role includes Demand Planning, Supply Planning, Inventory Management, Scheduling, Capital planning, Risk management, Sourcing, Order processing, Warehousing, Assembly, Provisioning, Transportation, Repair, Replacement and Disposal of IT equipment. Within OTS-SC, the Planning Analytics team oversees management of organization wide technical objectives and delivering technical solutions that require partnership with multiple stakeholders.

This role is responsible for managing organization wide technical initiatives and delivering solutions that require partnering with multiple stakeholders. They are responsible for breaking through barriers and ambiguities and lay a clear path forward for achieving the goals of a particular strategy. They have a deep understanding of the intricacies and complexities of the organization wide data architecture and systems. Using this comprehension, they are responsible to design, develop and implement solutions that improve business efficiency. They set forth best practices in managing the technical programs and own communication for the programs under their ownership. They clearly articulate status of their programs to the business partners, highlight roadblocks and mitigate risk.

This is an exciting opportunity to remove inefficiencies from organization wide manual processes and identify untapped opportunities that will enable OTS-SC to save cost, drive simplification and efficiency through automation. This position will work with multiple stakeholders from tech and non-tech teams and will have a global scope.

Key job responsibilities

As a Sr. TPM, you will have a deep understanding of the intricacies and complexities of the organization wide data architecture, systems and their interconnections. Using this comprehension, you will be responsible to design, develop and implement solutions that improve business efficiency. You will set forth best practices in managing the technical programs and own communication for the programs. As a Sr. TPM, you will anticipate bottlenecks, provide escalation management, anticipate and make tradeoffs, and balance customer and business needs versus technical constraints. You will create processes, mechanisms, and tools that shape the delivery of multiple technical projects across OTS. You will own regular communication to senior management and stakeholders on status, risks and change control. You will own defining, measuring and tracking metrics for project success. You will be resourceful and find creative solutions to complex technical and business challenges.

A day in the life

Amazon offers a full range of benefits that support you and eligible family members, including domestic partners and their children. Benefits can vary by location, the number of regularly scheduled hours you work, length of employment, and job status such as seasonal or temporary employment.

The benefits that generally apply to regular, full-time employees include:

 Medical, Dental, and Vision Coverage
 Maternity and Parental Leave Options
 Paid Time Off (PTO)
 401(k) Plan

If you are not sure that every qualification on the list above describes you exactly, we'd still love to hear from you!

At Amazon, we value people with unique backgrounds, experiences, and skillsets. If you’re passionate about this role and want to make an impact on a global scale, please apply!

We are open to hiring candidates to work out of one of the following locations:

Nashville, TN, USA

Basic Qualifications

 5+ years of technical product or program management experience
 7+ years of working directly with engineering teams experience
 3+ years of software development experience
 Experience managing programs across cross functional teams, building processes and coordinating release schedules
 Bachelor's degree in engineering, computer science or equivalent

Preferred Qualifications

 Experience developing and executing/delivering product and technical roadmaps
 Experience owning/driving roadmap strategy and definition
 Experience defining KPI's/SLA's used to drive multi-million dollar businesses and reporting to senior leadership

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.


Company - Amazon.com Services LLC
